So, my girlfriend and I, after two years together, broke up. Yeah, you get it. I was going through a rough patch, stressed out, and we just weren't communicating much. I know, I messed up there. Anyway, she ended things with me. It was around the time I had just come back from a vacation—bad Wi-Fi and all that. But that period, those two weeks, man, it was hard.

Then, around August 28th, she hit me with, ‘Either we fix this, or we move on.’ I’m like, ‘What does that even mean?’ She just said, ‘Something else.’ Fast forward to September 3rd, and we broke up. By the next day, she was already talking to this guy from her new job. Two days later, they went for a walk... and kissed. Two days, bro. You feel me? I was like, okay, fine. During that whole time, I’m over here reflecting, trying to better myself, getting random follows on social media, but I didn’t reach out to anyone.

So, that Sunday, I decided to text her, trying to fix things. She was all vague, saying, ‘Maybe we should stay single and work it out later.’ I’m thinking, ‘That doesn’t make sense, at all.’ But Monday comes around, and I’m like, let’s meet up. We hung out on Tuesday, and it was okay. She wouldn’t let me put my arm around her, though. That was weird, but I thought maybe she’s still processing.

I dropped her off at 7:23 PM, right? Then she texts that dude, saying she left her headphones in his car from their first ‘date.’ And I’m like, okay. Later, she gets home super late. I called her, like, ‘Why so late?’ She joked about it, trying to brush it off.

But guess what? That night, after we hung out, she kissed that guy again—for like 10 minutes. Then, she tells me he even asked to hook up, but she said no. I mean, that’s what she told me. And now, I’m sitting here, feeling hurt, trying to make sense of all this. We’re supposed to be fixing things, right? But she’s saying it didn’t mean anything, it was ‘just for fun.’

Man, it’s tough. It feels like my feelings are being invalidated, you know? Like, I’m not crazy. That’s cheating. It’s the disrespect that really hurts. So, yeah, here I am, trying to figure it all out.